some days suck time betrays you you're
not going to be a daisy every day your
taxi driver is an
alcoholic technology betrays you even
fashion betrays you and after all that
your boss is an ass but guess what I'm
cool with it thanks to
Yoga Yoga is a journey not a destination
see it's not just about being bendy or
flexible it's a way of life and it
literally transforms everything you do
which is why I've created this website
and
community so if you have been trying to
build a home yoga practice but you have
never really been able to because maybe
you felt
alone maybe all the other websites out
there are too
overwhelming or maybe you just need a
girlfriend to push you now if this
sounds familiar you are in the right
place and you can try it for free for 7
days I'm pretty nice that way so don't
waste another minute here are five
reasons why you want to join zandor
today zandor isn't just your typical
Californian yoga we travel to film our
classes in Bali Malaysia and back to Los
Angeles to bring you the best of the
best of yoga from all over the world our
classes are taught by some of the best
instructors in the world who have come
together to guide you through this
journey when you log in you will find
programs to suit all your needs plus
you're welcomed into our supportive
community of women just like you I will
be your virtual friend and like any true
friend would do I will kick your butt
whenever you need it but I will also
gently hold your hands throughout this
amazing transformational jour Journey
that we are going to take together look
Our Lives don't have to be perfect but
you can be perfectly real I mean I enjoy
a glass of wine now and then heck I'm
Italian let me tell you something woman
tooman most women who try yoga quit
after 7 days but those who stay find
that it completely transforms their life
and I'm not just talking about having a
better butt or feeling sexier in the
bedroom although that helps of course
I'm talking about how you feel how you
perform at work how you live your life
join zand word right now and know that
you have me as a friend to guide you
through this transformational journey